#DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE - Provide question in format querry?answer
What is Engineering Graphics?Engineering Graphics is the creation of engineering drawings. These are the representations of physical objects/locations on paper.
Why are Engineering Graphics used?Engineering graphics are used to clearly and accurately capture all geometric features of a product or component so that a manufacturer or engineer can produce the required item.
Why do we study Engineering Graphics?Engineering graphics is the language used by engineers to transfer ideas and information needed for the construction of technical devices and systems.
What is Isometric view?An Isometric projection is a method for visually representing three-dimensional objects in two dimensions in technical and engineering drawings.
Where is isometric drawing used?Isometric drawings are commonly used in technical drawing to show an item in 3D on a 2D page.
What is the purpose of an isometric drawing?An isometric drawing allows the designer to draw an object in three dimensions.This type of drawing is often used by engineers and illustrators that specialize in technical drawings.
What are the advantages of Isometric view?They are used for:<p>catalogue illustrations</p><p>patent office records</p><p>furniture design</p><p>structural design</p>
What is an isometric angle?An isometric drawing is a type of 3D drawing that is set out using 30-degree angles.
Why is Isometric angle 30 degree?The reason to draw at 30 degree is because at 30 degree all the three axis vary in the same proportion. That is why the figure looks perfect. If we would use any other angle other than 30 degree then the proportion would not be equal and the figure looks somewhat distorted.
What is angle of projection in Engineering Graphics?The angle at which an observer draw an object to convert it from 3D to 2D plane such as real object image to a plane paper is known as angle of projection.
How many types of angle of projection?There are two types of angle of projection used in  Engineering drawing:<p>1. 1st angle of projection</p><p>2. 3rd angle projection</p>
What is First-angle projection?In this type of projection, the object is imagined to be in the first quadrant. Because the observer normally looks from the right side of the quadrant to obtain the front view, the objects will come in between the observer and the plane of projection.
What is Third-angle projection?In this type of projection,the 3D object is seen to be in the 3rd quadrant. It is positioned below and behind the viewing planes, the planes are transparent, and each view is pulled onto the plane closest to it. The front plane of projection is seen to be between the observer and the object.
Why we use only 1st and 3rd angle of projection?Europe had used the method of first angle projection in creating orthographic views of three-dimensional parts for manufacturing for many decades, while in the U.S., engineers had settled on using third angle projection with its more logical placement of views.
What is Orthographic view?An Orthographic projection is a way of representing a 3D object by using several 2D views of the object.
What are the advantages of Orthographic view?They can show hidden detail and all connecting parts. They can show all dimensions necessary for manufacture. They can be annotated to display material and finishes.
What is the difference between Isometric view and Orthographic view?Isometric is an 3D image of an object where as orthographic is a flat representation of 3D object by using views of an object. Isometric appears in a perspective view where as orthographic is a form of parallel projection.
What exactly are the AT&T UNIX PC, PC7300, and 3B1? The name "UNIX PC" is a catch-all name for a set of machines developed by Convergent Technologies (now part of Unisys) and sold by AT&T in the mid to late 80's, all having the same basic configuration. As marketing strategies changed and basic features were added, the original offering (the PC7300) became known as the 3B1.  The 7300 machines featured 512k RAM on the motherboard with a 10 or 20MB disk. The later 7300's featured 1M on the motherboard and a 20MB half-height Miniscribe drive.  The later 3B1 machines had 1M or 2M on the motherboard,and came with a 40 or 67MB disk.  Accommodating the larger, full-height drives in the 3B1 required that a hump be added to the sloping,wedge-shaped case top.  The 3B1 also has a heftier power supply.
What is the operating system. Its origins? The operating system is based on UNIX System V Release 2, with extensions from BSD 4.1, BSD 4.2, System V Release 3 and Convergent Technologies.  The most recent version is 3.51, with a 3.51m FIXDISK (2.0) available.  The FIXDISK was available from AT&T directly, but is now only available on the OSU Archives as FIXDISK2.0+IN.
What are the "OSU Archives"? OSU-CIS is an Ohio State University computer system which holds a very large selection of UNIX-PC-related programs and files.David Brierley (dave@galaxia.network23.com) is the current maintaine of the archives.  Ohio State graciously allows both anonymous FTP and UUCP access to this archive.  For FTP from the Internet, access is via the machine archive.cis.ohio-state.edu (IP address: 128.146.8.52). This is the URL for the OSU archives ftp access. <ftp://archive.cis.ohio-state.edu/pub/att7300/> Dave Brierley has also now added www access to the UNIX-PC archives with this URL. <file://archive.cis.ohio-state.edu/pub/att7300/README.html>
Who supports these machines.Are there any user groups? The primary support for the machine is the Usenet newsgroup comp.sys.3b1.  There are a lot of dedicated people who enjoy these machines and post a wealth of information to the network. If you are in the Silicon Valley area, contact Thad Floryan (thad@btr.com) for information on how to go to the "AT&T UNIX User's Group" meeting on the fourth Wednesday of every month.  Although it's a generic AT&T UNIX group, a large number of the members (including Thad) own UNIX PC's.
Where can I get my machine serviced or fixed? This is difficult, since AT&T no longer supports the machine. The only remaining possibility appears to be ``A Small Computer Repair Company'' (ASCRC).  They will diagnose your problem, and repair or replace the part that is broken.  They will try their hardest to repair the item first.  You need to send the computer (or just the component in question) to them.  They will repair/replace it and ship it back.  Their turn-around time is usually 48-72 hours.  They repair AT&T's 6300, 6300+, 7300, 3B1 and UNIX PC computers. 
How do I get my free Personal Calendar program? Enclosed with the documentation of many or all UNIX PC's was a card which you could send in to receive a free copy of the Personal Calendar program.  The machine is discontinued, so sending in the card now won't accomplish anything, but that doesn't mean that you're out of luck.  Many machines were shipped with the calendar program in /etc/fixes.  
What is "THE STORE!" and how can I access it? THE STORE! was owned and operated by AT&T, but is no longer available for dialup uucp.  All publicly accessible software that was formerly available there has been moved and archived on the OSU archives (see above).
Is there any GNU software available? There are fairly recent versions of gcc, g++, gas, gdb, and emacs as binary-only cpio archives on OSU as well at CalTech (see above).
Is the X Window system available for the UNIX PC? No, X has not been ported, and probably won't ever be ported to the UNIX PC.  X is quite large, and there have been several discussions about porting it in comp.sys.3b1, but it's probably not worth the effort.
What's MGR? MGR is an alternative windowing environment developed by Steve Uhler at Bellcore and ported to the UNIX PC by Brad Bosch and Brian Botton.The VIDPAL emulator was posted to comp.sources.3b1 and so should be archived at standard archive sites like uunet.uu.net.A beta source distribution of MGR is on OSU, and can also be gotten via anonymous ftp from max.physics.sunysb.edu (129.49.21.100).
How can I get a full 360kB when I format a MS-DOS floppy on the UNIX PC? The md_format program defaults to formatting floppies with 8 tracks per sector (320kB).Use the "-9" option to get 9 tracks per sector (360kB).A further suggestion is to get windy ("windy.cpio.Z" at OSU) and use it to run the md_format program, since md_format is one of those which tends to turn your full-screen UNIX window into a little, horrible-looking window.  Windy fixes this by running the command in its own window.
What do the HDERR (FDERR, or TPERR) messages in /usr/adm/unix.log mean? There are several possible causes for these.  One of course is a bad disk, or a disk that has gone bad.  But one should check the other options before determining the disk is really bad. Dirty power supply contacts have been known to cause these problems.  Open the machine and clean the power supply contacts on the ribbon-type cable that goes from the supply to the motherboard. A weak or faulty power supply could also be your problem. Test the power supply voltages (with the hard drive and motherboard connected as a load), using some sort of Y-connector off the power cable to the hard drive. Test the +12VDC and +5VDC supplies with a meter, and make sure they are within acceptable tolerances. If they are too low, intermittent HDERRs will occur. There are several adjustment screws on the power supply (marked +5, +12, -12) that can adjust these values.  Turning clockwise will increase the value, and counterclockwise will decrease it.
Why is the machine is booting over and over? The stock /etc/rc that called when the machine boots up writes the output of the fsck(1M) to the hard disk (/etc/.lastfsck).  This is definitely a problem.  Many people prefer having control over what fsck does rather than running fsck with the "-y" option and having it do all the work.  A lot of times fsck will delete files or clear them and you have no control over what it's doing. Check out the fsokay.cpio.Z package on OSU, it contains some enhanced /etc/rc scripts and tools to make the booting phase of the UNIX PC a lot cleaner and more reliable.
How do I configure a Hayes compatible external modem on the UNIX PC? Thanks to Jim Adams, included in the OSU Archives is aninformational posting (posted to unix-pc.uucp and comp.sys.att) on how to set up your external modem under HDB uucp.  The file is named HDB_Modem.Z. The file uses the "hayes" modem as the example, although information could probably be extracted for uses with other modems. If you want information on how to set up your Telebit Trailblazer modem, get the file tb-setup.sh.Z on OSU. This posting was too large to include in its entirety here, so a completely separate posting was made.  He goes into how to set up the modem, proper cabling, proper Devices and Dialers entries, and a discussion on HFC (hardware flow control). Additionally, the "modemon" package by Boyd Ostroff provides a simple way to configure external modems.  It consists of a small program executed via inittab which can reset your modem and execute any desired AT commands each time a getty is spawned on the serial port.
What third-party hardware is available?Presently there are no known distributors that have a selection of UNIX PC hardware.  The best source for hardware is the network, reading comp.sys.3b1 and misc.forsale.  There is always someone selling UNIX PCs and the appropriate hardware expansion.
Which credit cards can I apply for?We currently offer credit cards which extend a host of offers ranging from travel privileges to dining, shopping and more.
What documentation do I need to provide when applying for credit card?Self-attested recent passport size photograph,valid photo identity document,residence address proof,latest salary slip or income tax returns or Form 16.
How do I apply for credit card?Call our PhoneBanking numbers and we will arrange for a representative to visit you.
I have applied for credit card, how can I check status of this?You will receive timely alerts on the credit card application status by way of an SMS on the mobile number.
How long does it take to recieve credit card?Once we have received your application form complete in all respects along with all the required documents, your application will be processed within two weeks.
I have not recieved credit card statement?Your credit card statement is couriered to your mailing address and courier reference number would have been sent by way of an SMS. 
How do I register for credit card e-statements?Set up a one-time request by clicking on the Request e-statements option in the Main Menu.
Can I use credit card as soon as I recieve it?All Chip cards are sent in a deactivated state and need to be activated.
How can I cahnge my PIN?You can change your PIN at an ATM in India and Overseas.
What fees and charges are linked to credit card?We offer various credit cards to suit your needs. The fees and charges for each credit card may differ.
What is CVV number?Your CVV number is 3 digit number and can be located by looking on your credit or debit card.
How do I register for Internet Banking?Registering for Internet Banking service is a simple one-time activity.Self-register with Credit Card and card ATM pin.
How can I close my Credit Card account?Login to Internet Banking with your user ID and password and submit your request.
What is the maximum amount that can be transferred from any other bank card?The maximum amount that can be transferred from other bank credit cards is upto 90% of the credit limit.
What is Instant EMI?Cardholder can convert his/her purchases into Equated Monthly Instalments at the Point of Sale while purchasing a product at select merchant outlets.